# Wizards Well - Weekly Lorcana Liga

Another constructed tournament in the Wizards Well - this week eight players have shown for playing. We used the playhub again - https://tcg.ravensburgerplay.com/events/162182. During the event something was screwed up and we switched over to the "Magic" infrastructure to run the three rounds of constructed.

## Casual Rounds

### Round 1

I played a couple of games against Noel who was trying out an Amber Sapphire aggro list, which was build around Stitch and Stitch Rockstar together with the Down In New Orleans action card. I recommended him to rather switch to the bit more puppy based list, as this should be more reliable and more resiliant.

I opted to play in the first game my Ruby Steel Heroes tempo list

- 4 Mr. Smee - Bumbling Mate
- 2 Mushu - Fast-Talking Dragon
- 4 Mushu - Majestic Dragon
- 4 Pete - Games Referee
- 3 Stitch - Alien Troublemaker
- 3 Calhoun - Marine Sergeant
- 4 Mulan - Disguised Soldier
- 2 Mulan - Imperial General
- 3 Goofy - Super Goof
- 3 Light the Fuse
- 4 Robin Hood - Beloved Outlaw
- 4 Robin Hood - Champion of Sherwood
- 3 Doc - Bold Knight
- 3 Vanellope Von Schweetz - Spunky Speedster
- 2 Moana - Island Explorer
- 3 Mulan - Charging Ahead
- 2 Mulan - Elite Archer
- 3 Imperial Bow
- 2 Brawl
- 2 Gantu - Captain Crankyhead

#### Game 1

| Player        | Play | Lorecount       | Win |
| ------------- | ---- | --------------- | --- |
| Me            |      | 1/3/4/6/9/14/20 | (x) |
| Noel (Apfel7) | (x)  | 1/2/4/6/8/12    |     |

### Round 2

In the second round Noel asked rather for an emerald deck than a steel deck, so I used the emerald ruby actions based deck. This was very good into his version too, especially with all the discard cards against the already challenged hand size.

- 4 Diablo - Maleficent's Spy
- 4 Ursula - Deceiver
- 4 Mulan - Enemy of Entanglement
- 4 Diablo - Devoted Herald
- 4 Prince John - Greediest of All
- 3 Chip - Quick Thinker
- 4 Robin Hood - Sharpshooter
- 2 Cri-Kee - Lucky Cricket
- 2 Maui - Half-Shark
- 3 Maui - Hero to All
- 2 Mulan - Elite Archer
- 4 Undermine
- 4 Hypnotize
- 4 Brawl
- 2 Dragon Fire
- 4 Sudden Chill
- 4 We Don't Talk About Bruno
- 2 A Pirate's Life

#### Game 1

| Player        | Play | Lorecount                | Win |
| ------------- | ---- | ------------------------ | --- |
| Me            |      | 2/4/5/7/8/10/12/14/15/20 | (x) |
| Noel (Apfel7) | (x)  | 1/3/5/6/8/9/10/8         |     |

### Round 3

Last round was then with Gretas sapphire steel ally deck. This has some good synergies between the ally and heroes cards. Combined with the strong body guards it can race, but as well control.

- 3 Aladdin - Research Assistant
- 3 Alice - Savvy Sailor
- 2 And Then Along Came Zeus
- 3 Bagheera - Guardian Jaguar
- 4 Cogsworth - Grandfather Clock
- 4 Doc - Bold Knight
- 4 Jasmine - Heir of Agrabah
- 3 Jasmine - Resourceful Infiltrator
- 4 Jasmine - Steady Strategist
- 4 Lawrence - Jealous Manservant
- 3 Ling - Imperial Soldier
- 2 Maid Marian - Badminton Ace
- 2 Miss Bianca - Unwavering Agent
- 4 Mr. Smee - Bumbling Mate
- 4 Pete - Games Referee
- 4 Pluto - Guard Dog
- 4 Strength of a Raging Fire
- 3 McDuck Manor - Scrooge's Mansion

#### Game 1

| Player        | Play | Lorecount        | Win |
| ------------- | ---- | ---------------- | --- |
| Me            |      | 1/3/9/13/20      | (x) |
| Noel (Apfel7) | (x)  | 1/2/4/6/10/12/16 |     |

## Wizards Well Weekly Liga Meta Report

### Spieler 8

Amber Amethyst Aggro: 1
Amber Steel Aggro: 1
Amber Steel Songs: 1
Amethyst Steel Aggro: 1
Amethyst Sapphire Heroes: 1
Emerald Sapphire Floodborns: 1
Ruby Amethyst Evasive: 1

### Top 3

Amethyst Steel Aggro
Amber Steel Songs
Ruby Amethyst Evasive

## Tournament Rounds

I opted to play my Amethyst Steel deck version which I intend to play for the online liga on the weekend.

- 4 Magic Broom - Illuminary Keeper
- 4 Magic Broom - Aerial Cleaner
- 4 Doc - Bold Knight
- 4 Mr. Smee - Bumbling Mate
- 2 Fire the Cannons!
- 4 Strength of a Raging Fire
- 4 Yen Sid - Powerful Sorcerer
- 4 Merlin - Goat
- 4 Giant Cobra - Ghostly Serpent
- 4 Pete - Games Referee
- 3 Genie - Wish Fulfilled
- 4 Diablo - Obedient Raven
- 4 Chernabog's Followers - Creatures of Evil
- 3 Merlin - Crab
- 3 Madam Mim - Fox
- 3 Madam Mim - Snake
- 2 The Library - A Gift for Belle

The brooms synergy with the Yen Sid is very good, as it enables lore kind of out of nowhere. In addition there is some good control options for the board with the bouncer options and especially Crab.

### Round 1

Round one pairing was with Noel and the Amber Sapphire list, which I knew already from the casual rounds. The deck is very good into the aggressive list, as there a lot of charachter based removals available.

#### Game 1

| Player        | Play | Lorecount     | Win |
| ------------- | ---- | ------------- | --- |
| Me            | (x)  | 1/3/5/7/11/20 | (x) |
| Noel (Apfel7) |      | 1/2/7         |     |

#### Game 2

| Player        | Play | Lorecount         | Win |
| ------------- | ---- | ----------------- | --- |
| Me            |      | 2/4/6/11/18/19/20 | (x) |
| Noel (Apfel7) | (x)  | 1/4/5/6           |     |

Result after round 1: **1-0-0**

### Round 2

In round two I was paired with Andre and his typical amber steel songs deck. We only managed to play two games, but both were very intense and we got into overtime. Both games were a strategic game play with backs and forths. Finally in game one he could establish Naveen together with Zeus and I was not able to find a removal/ fully quest out. In the second game I was able to close with a lot of board power and simply overrun him - partly thanks to a Pete and re-Pete play. I'd have loved to play there a game three - but time did no permit this.

#### Game 1

| Player          | Play | Lorecount                   | Win |
| --------------- | ---- | --------------------------- | --- |
| Me              |      | 1/2/3/4/6/7/8/9/10/13/15/16 |     |
| Andre (Putschi) | (x)  | 6/10/14/16/17/20            | (x) |

#### Game 2

| Player          | Play | Lorecount              | Win |
| --------------- | ---- | ---------------------- | --- |
| Me              | (x)  | 1/3/6/7/10/13/14/15/20 | (x) |
| Andre (Putschi) |      | 2/6                    |     |

Result after round 2: **1-0-1**

### Round 3

Round three was a pairing with the "other" Andre. He was this time on a Ruby Amethyst evasive list build around the Peter Pan and Maui Shark. Other typical elements of Ruby are still included like Lady Tremaine and Be Prepared. In game 1 I was able to take the win, as Andre decided to play rather control than to race me in the midgame. In the second game he went onto the racetrack and I could not catch up. In the third game, then I was able to establish a board protected by library and I was able to remove all rush options on his side - so there was no good answer available for him.

#### Game 1

| Player         | Play | Lorecount                | Win |
| -------------- | ---- | ------------------------ | --- |
| Me             |      | 1/3/5/6/7/11/12/13/16/20 | (x) |
| Andre (nastra) | (x)  | 1/2/5/6/7/9/11/12        |     |

#### Game 2

| Player         | Play | Lorecount                       | Win |
| -------------- | ---- | ------------------------------- | --- |
| Me             |      | 1/2/5/7/8/9/10/11/12/14/17      |     |
| Andre (nastra) | (x)  | 1/2/4/6/10/13/14/15/17/18/19/20 | (x) |

#### Game 3

| Player         | Play | Lorecount           | Win |
| -------------- | ---- | ------------------- | --- |
| Me             | (x)  | 2/3/4/5/6/8/9/13/20 | (x) |
| Andre (nastra) |      | 1                   |     |

Result after round 3: **2-0-1**

### Result

2-0-1 - and taking the first spot was a good result of the weekly liga. I really enjoyed the close games with both Andre's - exactly the reason why I took the deck for play in liga.

| RANK | NAME      | POINTS | RECORD | OMW % | GW %  | OGW % | Deck                        |
| ---- | --------- | ------ | ------ | ----- | ----- | ----- | --------------------------- |
| 1    | shinobi64 | 7      | 2-0-1  | 59.3% | 71.4% | 57.1% | Amethyst Steel Aggro        |
| 2    | Putschi   | 7      | 2-0-1  | 48.1% | 71.4% | 51.6% | Amber Steel Songs           |
| 3    | nastra    | 6      | 2-1-0  | 59.3% | 62.5% | 59.5% | Ruby Amethyst Evasive       |
| 4    | Sigmea    | 6      | 2-1-0  | 44.4% | 57.1% | 44.4% | Emerald Sapphire Floodborns |
| 5    | Dlawmor   | 3      | 1-2-0  | 59.3% | 50.0% | 55.8% | Amber Streel Aggro          |
| 6    | Apfel7    | 3      | 1-2-0  | 59.3% | 37.5% | 54.0% | Amber Sapphire Aggro        |
| 7    | TomK      | 3      | 1-2-0  | 48.1% | 33.3% | 51.6% | Amber Amethyst Aggro        |
| 8    | BastiS    | 0      | 0-3-0  | 44.4% | 33.3% | 42.7% | Amethyst Sapphire Heroes    |
