# Cardclub Hockenheim - Weekly Lorcana Liga - Constructed

The weekly liga tournament in the Cardclub Hockenheim was up again - https://melee.gg/Tournament/View/182713. As kind of always in the Cardclub format was constructed over three rounds. I arrived late due to work related topics and had no chance to play casual games before the tournament.

## Card Club Hockenheim Weekly Liga Meta Report

### Spieler 10

Ruby Amethyst Bounce: 2
Amber Emerald Hyper Aggro: 1
Amber Ruby Mufasa: 1
Amber Sapphire Aggro: 1
Amber Steel Songs: 1
Amethyst Sapphire Blurple Locations: 1
Emerald Steel Discard: 1
Emerald Steel Hercules: 1
Sapphire Steel Items: 1

### Top 3

Ruby Amethyst Bounce
Emerald Steel Discard
Amber Steel Songs

## Tournament Rounds

For the main liga I used the Emerald Steel Hercules list (https://dreamborn.ink/decks/5lkKWPZuRnqkLWIOyjQk) with some changes to last time, especially I swapped out the 6 drop bodyguard Hercules against some 2 drop and 3 drop Hercules to have more options for triggering Meg.

### Round 1

Round 1 paired me into Sebastian, who was running the typical Emerald Steel discard line. In the first game I got early to the board, could wheel him and then spiraled into the win. In the second game he got his discard line with Prince John establised and I was close, but missed one Meg trigger. The last game started pretty good in my favor but I could not draw further good cards after the start.

#### Game 1

| Player    | Play | Lorecount            | Win |
| --------- | ---- | -------------------- | --- |
| Me        | (x)  | 1/2/3/4/5/6/12/16/20 | (x) |
| Sebastian |      | 1                    |     |

#### Game 2

| Player    | Play | Lorecount          | Win |
| --------- | ---- | ------------------ | --- |
| Me        |      | 1/2/5/7/8/11/13/16 |     |
| Sebastian | (x)  | 1/2/3/8/14/20      | (x) |

#### Game 3

| Player    | Play | Lorecount    | Win |
| --------- | ---- | ------------ | --- |
| Me        | (x)  | 1/2/4        |     |
| Sebastian |      | 1/4/10/16/20 | (x) |

Result after round 1: **0-1-0**

### Round 2

Round 2 paired me into G端nther and his Amber Ruby Mufasa based deck. This deck can be very scary, especially with the amount of early pressure it can generate. In game one and three he got so much ahead, but I was able to catch him - in game two I missed on proper 2 drops and was not able to claw back into board control.

#### Game 1

| Player  | Play | Lorecount     | Win |
| ------- | ---- | ------------- | --- |
| Me      |      | 5/11/15/16/20 | (x) |
| G端nther | (x)  | 1/2/3/9/16/18 |     |

#### Game 2

| Player  | Play | Lorecount | Win |
| ------- | ---- | --------- | --- |
| Me      |      | 1         |     |
| G端nther | (x)  | 2/7/14/17 | (x) |

#### Game 3

| Player  | Play | Lorecount         | Win |
| ------- | ---- | ----------------- | --- |
| Me      | (x)  | 1/3/5/7/12/16/20  | (x) |
| G端nther |      | 2/6/8/12/14/16/19 |     |

Result after round 2: **1-1-0**

### Round 3

Round 3 paired me into Manuel H with his Sapphire Steel build. This build is based on the typical Sapphire value cards like Tamatoa and Cogsworth, paired with Tinkerbell and Smee as control and aggressive quester options. In both games I could use my better earlier board presence and the Meg combo to my advantage.

#### Game 1

| Player   | Play | Lorecount              | Win |
| -------- | ---- | ---------------------- | --- |
| Me       | (x)  | 1/3/7/9/12/14/16/18/20 | (x) |
| Manuel H |      | 11                     |     |

#### Game 2

| Player   | Play | Lorecount           | Win |
| -------- | ---- | ------------------- | --- |
| Me       |      | 2/4/6/9/11/13/17/20 |     |
| Manuel H | (x)  | 2/3                 | (x) |

Result after round 3: **2-1-0**

### Result

The deck feels good, especially on the play - sometimes the Whole New World cards were a bit awkward on the hand, but in nearly all cases I had sufficient cards to ink and to play. Cards feel good and provide good value, maybe some more plays against like Amber Steel songs and Ruby Amethyst bounce are needed.
