Wizards Well - Weekly Lorcana Liga - Draft

The weekly liga tournament in the Wizards Well was up again - https://melee.gg/Tournament/View/147870 and contrary to the last weeks we went for a draft round. In total we had 8 participating players including Greta. She could attend as next day was no school.

Before the draft we played some casual games to test decks before the upcomming set championships.

First game was against Lukas, who tried out the Emerald Steel midrange/ discard deck from the DLC Las Vegas. I went for my trusty Ruby Sapphire control deck (https://dreamborn.ink/decks/P0ahb8fKQlZFGYqBnWX4).

Game 1 Me: 20
Game 1 Lukas (x): 10

Lukas start was not bad, but I managed to keep him at bay, especially not letting the Diablo draw cards for free.

Second match was agains Ole who ran the same setup as Lukas and as well wanted to see how the deck works against Ruby Sapphire.

Game 1 Me (x): 1/2/3/4/5/6/7/8/9/12/20
Game 1 Ole:

I was able to answer Ole's threats effectively so he could not establish a large board presence and then I spiralled into my end game being able to put out more due to more extensive resources.

No weekly meta report as all was draft.

Draft round was fun and entertaining. As we all know each other very well there was some thrash talking involved as well as show off for cards drawn. I was able to pick up some good cards but as well a large chunk of uninkable ones which made the deck construction a bit akward.

Round 1 paired me into Andre G. - the first game I could outrun him, but in second and third game the Emerald Chromicon put in good work and punished me for some misplays.

Game 1 Me (x): 1/3/4/6/7/8/9/11/15/19/20
Game 1 Andre G: 1/2/1/7

Game 2 Me: 1/5/6/10/13
Game 2 Andre G (x): 1/2/4/5/6/8/9/11/12/14/15/19/20

Game 3 Me (x): 3/5/7
Game 3 Andre G: 1/2/4/7/13/14/20

Result after round 1: 0-1-0

Round 2 paired me into Lazar who was not very happy with the cards drafted. In both games my evasive characters ensure the game win.

Game 1 Me: 6/7/8/9/11/14/15/16/20
Game 1 Lazar (x): 2/4/6/11/10/12/14

Game 2 Me: 2/4/6/12/20
Game 2 Lazar (x): 3/5/7

Result after round 2: 1-1-0

Round 4 paired me into Ole who drafted a good deck selection with especially some good value cards like the half hexwell crown which allowed him to outresource me in the last game

Game 1 Me: 1/2/4/5
Game 1 Ole (x): 1/2/3/5/9/13/16/20

Game 2 Me (x): 1/3/5/7/8/10/20
Game 2 Ole: 1/0/1/3/6

Game 3 Me: 2/5/7/13
Game 3 Ole (x): 1/2/4/9/14/20

Result after round 3: 1-2-0

Having scored only three points meant rank 6 at the end - given how the games went there would be a few more points possible but not much. Greta finished 8th and we both won a promo card. Greta had good luck with the packs and ended up with two legendary cards from the draft.