Card Club Hockenheim - Weekly Lorcana Liga - Constructed

The weekly liga tournament in the Card Club was up again - https://melee.gg/Tournament/View/157476 and as every week it was in core constructed format. As usual we had some casual games before the actual Liga play.

First setup was with Günther and his Emerald Sapphire Clarabelle build. I used my newly put together Emerald Steel midrange deck (https://dreamborn.ink/decks/4hAvb57WdC28RKC4xFkE) to see what it can do.

Game 1 Me (x): 1/4/9/17/20
Game 1 Günther: 2/4

Game 2 Me: 1/3/6/9/15/20
Game 2 Günther (x): 

The midrange deck was very effective, especially using the Ursula singing songs and the questers with two lore or more.

Second match was as well against Günther using my Ruby Sapphire control build (https://dreamborn.ink/decks/RMOIUZxONze0cVaBNQID) to test how it fares.

Game 1 Me (x): 1/2/5/7/10/13/14/15/16/21
Game 1 Günther: 1/5/7/11/13

Next was against Sebastian, a new player in Hockenheim, who came back after some time to Lorcana with a Ruby Sapphire control build around Sisu's and Iceblock. I used my Pete bounce deck (https://dreamborn.ink/decks/f6IdRqN8MLBoyMVdWAhe) to see how it works.

Game 1 Me: 1/4/8/10/13/17/19/20
Game 1 Sebastian (x): 1

Game 2 Me: 1/4/6/9/13/20
Game 2 Sebastian (x): 1

In both games he seemed to have bricked and I was able to quest freely.

Last casual round was against Sebastian but then with the Emerald Steel Midrange deck (https://dreamborn.ink/decks/4hAvb57WdC28RKC4xFkE)

Game 1 Me: 1/3/5/6/7/9/11
Game 1 Sebastian (x): 1/3/5/6/7/9/11/14/20

Card Club Hockenheim Weekly Liga Meta Report

# Spieler 10

Amber Steel Songs: 4
Ruby Sapphire Control: 2
Ruby Amethyst: 2
Sapphire Steel Items: 1
Amber Ruby Mufasa: 1

# Top 3

Amber Steel Songs (50% conversion rate)
Ruby Sapphire Control (50% conversion rate)
Amber Steel Songs (50% conversion rate)

For the main liga I used the Ruby Sapphire Control list (https://dreamborn.ink/decks/RMOIUZxONze0cVaBNQID) as I intend to run this as well for the set championships. This list is different than the main Ruby Sapphire list, as it does not build on Sisu but Scar instead to allow for one less ink to reach.

Round 1 paired me into Anni. She ran a Sapphire Steel list utilizing Pacha to gain indirect lore from items and locations in play. In both games I was able to do my ramp rather quickly so I could deploy the better cards onto the board and gain board control.

Game 1 Me: 2/4/6/7/8/9/12/14/15/18/20
Game 1 Anni (x): 2/4

Game 2 Me: 1/2/3/6/9/13/14/20
Game 2 Anni (x): 1/3/4/6/7/9/11/13/14

Result after round 1: 1-0-0

Round 2 paired me into Günther with his Amber Ruby Mufasa based deck. This relies on bringing out characters for less ink costs utilizing Pluto and Gaston. I was lucky to be able to handle the Chernabog both times with a Malefiz Dragon to turn the tide.

Game 1 Me (x): 1/2/3/5/7/10/12/20
Game 1 Günther: 2/4/6/8/10/12

Game 2 Me: 1/4/5/9/10/13/20
Game 2 Manuel (x): 2/7/13/16

Result after round 2: 2-0-0

Round 3 paired me into Rene and his take on Amber Steel Songs. Rene runs both shift lines with Robin Hood and Evil Queen and was able to get lore quickly on board. This was supported by flutes to which I only had limited answers. Especially in the first game I bricked hard and was unfortunate to loose on the play.

Game 1 Me (x): 1
Game 1 Rene: 2/4/7/10/12/13/14/15/18/19/20

Game 2 Me (x): 1/20 (Rene conceeded)
Game 2 Rene: 2/4

Game 3 Me: 1/2/3/5/6
Game 3 Rene (x): 1/3/5/7/9/11/12/14/16/17/20

Result after round 3: 2-1-0

Only loosing the last game meant I came in 2nd after Rene due to the better tie breakers over Matthias. In total the list worked out good, but some more item/ location handling is likely needed. I was not super happy with the Scar's over the Sisu, as Scar needs to face exerted characters - which good players avoid to do.