# Disney Lorcana EU Continentals - Last Chance Qualifier

As the competetive season closes for this year, there was a last chance qualifier available to get still into the EU continentals. This event happened the day before the EU continentals start on December 6th in the Newport Bay Hotel inside Disneyland Paris. The format was a bit special with overall 32 Tournaments with each 32 players. The format was single elimination with best of three rounds of 70 minutes each. I was allocated to pod 4 in the morning - https://melee.gg/Tournament/View/191914

There was a lot of practice in Mannheim, in Hockenheim and online before the actual event - especially to see which decks are doing good, and what kind of rock,paper, siccors situation exists as of now.

## Tournament Rounds

After all the testing I decided to go with a Ruby Sapphire control build around Sisu, as this seems to be good into a lot of matchups. Especially the inclusion of Maui Halfshark as well as Sail the Azurite Sea are making the deck more reliable. The number of uninkable cards was put down to 15 in total to allow for a better reward from the Sail card, as this needs a second inkable to make use of it's ramp effect. Additionally the lower uninkable count makes it possible to play without the Fishbone Quill, which otherwise allows the conversion into resources.

4 Vision of the Future
4 Tamatoa - So Shiny!
2 Maleficent - Monstrous Dragon
4 Brawl
4 Pawpsicle
4 Hiram Flaversham - Toymaker
3 Sisu - Empowered Sibling
2 Ice Block
1 Hide Away
3 Maui - Half-Shark
1 Lucky Dime
2 Vitalisphere
2 Be Prepared
4 Sail The Azurite Sea
4 Tipo - Growing Son
2 How Far I'll Go
3 Sisu - Daring Visitor
2 Maui - Hero to All
1 Let it Go
2 Madame Medusa - The Boss
4 Develop Your Brain
2 A Pirate's Life
1 Maui's Fish Hook

### Round 1

Round 1 paried me into Simon from UK, which is a buddy of Kawa from the Podcana podcast. He fielded an Emerald Steel discard deck, which only had some minor adjustments from the newest set 6 cards, in particular I was able to spot a Pluto, all other cards seemed rather like the list from set 5. I luckily won the dice roll and got some good mulligans, so I could maintain my hand economy while putting out answers to the emerald cards - like clearing Prince Johns, Muses and Diablos with Sisu.

#### Game 1

| Player             | Play | Lorecount             | Win |
| ------------------ | ---- | --------------------- | --- |
| Me                 | (x)  | 1/2/5/8/9/10/11/14/20 | (x) |
| Simon (SimonDrake) |      | 2/0                   |     |

#### Game 2

| Player             | Play | Lorecount        | Win |
| ------------------ | ---- | ---------------- | --- |
| Me                 |      |                  |     |
| Simon (SimonDrake) | (x)  | 1/2/5/9/14/17/20 | (x) |

#### Game 3

| Player             | Play | Lorecount          | Win |
| ------------------ | ---- | ------------------ | --- |
| Me                 | (x)  | 1/2/4/6/8/10/15/20 | (x) |
| Simon (SimonDrake) |      | 1/2/3/1            |     |

Result after round 1: **1-0-0**

### Round 2

In Round 2 I was paired into Lulu from France. She fielded as well an Emerald Steel discard deck, which included the John Silver cards (including the shift one), together with the Pluto from the new set. However with winning the dice roll, I was still able to get the games into my favor - Maui doing again Maui things. The second game was lost, as I could not find an answer to the big John Silver in time.

#### Game 1

| Player        | Play | Lorecount                       | Win |
| ------------- | ---- | ------------------------------- | --- |
| Me            | (x)  | 1/2/5/6/7/8/9/10/11/13/14/16/20 | (x) |
| Lulu (Lulu13) |      | 1/2/3                           |     |

#### Game 2

| Player        | Play | Lorecount           | Win |
| ------------- | ---- | ------------------- | --- |
| Me            |      | 1/2/6/8/9           |     |
| Lulu (Lulu13) | (x)  | 1/3/1/5/10/14/17/20 | (x) |

#### Game 3

| Player        | Play | Lorecount            | Win |
| ------------- | ---- | -------------------- | --- |
| Me            | (x)  | 2/4/6/11/15/16/19/20 | (x) |
| Lulu (Lulu13) |      | 1/2/3/4/2/3/5        |     |

Result after round 2: **2-0-0**

### Round 3

Round 3 paired me into Remy from France. He played an Emerald Amethyst tempo deck - similar to the famous list of Artabax. Unfortunately I could not win the dice roll this time, so he started off - and had a perfect curve out. I was simply to late as I could not find the shift Sisu this time and as well made a minor misplay clearing the Diablo too late. In the second game I was able to start, but bricked hard, as my mulligan and then the next four draws only got me uninkables to my hand. On his side he curved out again and this was then a pretty fast game.

#### Game 1

| Player       | Play | Lorecount                  | Win |
| ------------ | ---- | -------------------------- | --- |
| Me           |      | 1/2/5/6/7/9                |     |
| Remy (RemL2) | (x)  | 1/4/8/11/14/15/16/18/19/20 | (x) |

#### Game 2

| Player       | Play | Lorecount      | Win |
| ------------ | ---- | -------------- | --- |
| Me           | (x)  | 1/2/4          |     |
| Remy (RemL2) | (x)  | 1/3/6/11/17/20 | (x) |

Result after round 3: **2-1-0**

### Result

Despite being eliminated in round 3 I had a good feeling with my deck choice. I could have twisted it a bit more to have better chances with the Emerald Amethyst matchup, but even then these changes would have not saved me in the bricked situation. So I'm quite happy to even got that far - as other good players did not even made it that far. I was able to secure additional turbo zone vouchers which will get me some additional promo cards during Saturday spectator sessions.

In final standings I made it to place 6 of my pod.

### Other observations

After being elimated I used the time for some scouting on what was played most. It came down to the usual suspects

- Emerald Amethyst Tempo
- Amber Steel Songs
- Ruby Sapphire Control
  were the decks with the highest participation rates in the finals. They're followed by some lower numbers of
- Ruby Amethyst
- Emerald Steel
  and then single ones for other color combinations.

The same distributio was then observed to be there in the afternoon sessions.
